---
title: Horizon docs
---

## Horizon

## The offect object

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Retrieve an offer's trades

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Operation

Operations are objects that represent a desired change to the ledger: payments,
offers to exchange currency, changes made to account options, etc. Operations
are submitted to the Stellar network grouped in a Transaction.

To learn more about the concept of operations in the Stellar network, take a
look at the Stellar operations concept guide.

## The operation object

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Retrieve an operation's effects

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## List operations

Quisque lacus massa, lobortis eu nisi id, facilisis tincidunt elit. Nullam
viverra non quam id posuere. Donec efficitur molestie pellentesque. Quisque sit
amet quam elit. Ut a consequat ante. Aliquam ac ligula massa. Curabitur id mi
vitae nunc ultricies bibendum tristique sed nulla. Proin sed quam diam.
Phasellus nec aliquet est

### Operation types

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aliquam posuere
facilisis orci vitae fermentum. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis
in faucibus. In varius, orci nec ultrices accumsan, neque magna mattis ligula,
vitae commodo tellus nunc sed elit. Nunc eu varius lectus. Aliquam erat
volutpat. Nam congue in felis sed vulputate. Maecenas hendrerit feugiat orci.
Praesent a viverra sem. Fusce nec gravida augue, quis placerat mauris.

#### Create account

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

#### Payment

Nam sit amet imperdiet orci. Quisque sit amet tincidunt nunc. In hac habitasse
platea dictumst. Aliquam et velit vitae massa vehicula posuere. Duis ultricies,
augue at pretium fringilla, nibh sem tempor purus, nec aliquam odio nibh sit
amet urna. Proin ornare orci in urna fermentum, at ultrices nunc dignissim.
Nulla ac velit tempus, efficitur ante at, dapibus velit. Pellentesque hendrerit
dapibus elementum. Suspendisse at consequat felis. In ju

#### Path payments

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

#### Manage sell offer

id posuere libero. Vivamus a diam vitae est dignissim porta. Vestibulum sit amet
turpis at risus vestibulum rutrum non ac arcu. Pellentesque non tincidunt neque,
eget tempus risus. Duis convallis sapien et maximus rhoncus. Etiam tempor
tincidunt magna eu hendrerit. Integer pulvinar ac libero at vestibulum. Nulla a
justo quis tortor gravida auctor.

#### Manage buy offer

Quisque lacus massa, lobortis eu nisi id, facilisis tincidunt elit. Nullam
viverra non quam id posuere. Donec efficitur molestie pellentesque. Quisque sit
amet quam elit. Ut a consequat ante. Aliquam ac ligula massa. Curabitur id mi
vitae nunc ultricies bibendum tristique sed nulla. Proin sed quam diam.
Phasellus nec aliquet est

#### Create passive sell offer

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

#### Set options

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

#### Change Trust

Nam sit amet imperdiet orci. Quisque sit amet tincidunt nunc. In hac habitasse
platea dictumst. Aliquam et velit vitae massa vehicula posuere. Duis ultricies,
augue at pretium fringilla, nibh sem tempor purus, nec aliquam odio nibh sit
amet urna. Proin ornare orci in urna fermentum, at ultrices nunc dignissim.
Nulla ac velit tempus, efficitur ante at, dapibus velit. Pellentesque hendrerit
dapibus elementum. Suspendisse at consequat felis. In ju

#### Allow Trust

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

#### Account merge

s pulvinar, lacus id fermentum auctor, risus ligula facilisis sem, eu consequat
eros diam et enim. Nulla metus metus, pretium eget magna nec, eleifend sodales
lorem. Vestibulum condimentum pretium lectus, vel venenatis sem ornare sed.
Aliquam congue odio ac arcu scelerisque efficitur. Donec rhoncus elit a nibh
tempus, vel finibus purus luctus. Etiam porta, odio vel bibendum vestibulum,
ipsum sapien vehicula neque, et vulputate libero

#### Inflation

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

#### Manage data

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

#### Bump sequence

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Orderbook

### The orderbook object

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve an orderbook

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Payments

### The payment object

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### List all payments

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Payment Path

### The payment path object

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Find payment paths

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Trade

### The trade object

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### List all trades

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Transaction

### The transaction object

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Post a transaction

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve a transaction

Hi, Possible Signer Types

### Retrieve a transaction's operations

Hi, Possible Signer Types

### Retrieve a transaction's effects

Hi, Possible Signer Types

### List all transactions

Hi, Balances Object; Phasellus pulvinar, lacus id fermentum auctor, risus ligula
facilisis sem, eu consequat eros diam et enim. Nulla metus metus, pretium eget
magna nec, eleifend sodales lorem. Vestibulum condimentum pretium lectus, vel
venenatis sem ornare sed. Aliquam congue odio ac arcu scelerisque efficitur.
Donec rhoncus elit a nibh tempus, vel finibus purus luctus. Etiam porta, odio
vel bibendum vestibulum, ipsum sapien vehicula neque, et vulputate libero magna
sed dui. Donec vitae ultricies nisi.
