---
title: JS SDK
order: 20
---

## Resources

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Account

To learn more about the concept of accounts in the Stellar network, take a look
at the Stellar account concept guide.

### The account object

I am the account object

### Retrieve an account

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve an account’s data

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve an account’s transactions

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve an account’s operations

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve an account’s payments

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve an account’s trades

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve an account’s effects

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve an account's offers

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Asset

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### The asset object

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### List all assets

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Effect

### The effect object

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### List all effects

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

## Ledger

A ledger resource contains information about a given ledger.

To learn more about the concept of ledgers in the Stellar network, take a look
at the Stellar ledger concept guide.

### The ledger object

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### List ledgers

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve a ledger

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve a ledger's transactions

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve a ledger's operations

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve a ledger's payments

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Retrieve a ledger's effects

In the Stellar network, users interact using accounts which can be controlled by
a corresponding keypair that can authorize transactions. One can create a new
account with the Create Account operation.

### Offer

Accounts on the Stellar network can make offers to buy or sell assets. Users can
create offers with the Manage Offer operation.

Horizon only returns offers that belong to a particular account. When it does,
it uses the following format:
