---
title: Welcome
order: -100
---

import { CodeExample } from "components/CodeExample";

Right now, you're looking at the **new Stellar docs**, which are a work in
progress. These new docs will live alongside the
[existing Stellar docs](https://www.stellar.org/developers/guides/) until we
complete the content, do some polish passes, root out and squash any bugs in the
interface, and get feedback from the SDF and the Stellar community at large.

The goal is to keep everything good from the existing docs but to streamline the
navigation, improve the looks, and update the content to better reflect where
things stand now. These new docs are also more modular — they're organized
around different learning paths — and the plan is to add new paths as network
use cases evolve.

As you read through these new docs, you will likely find bugs, errors, typos, or
omissions. When you do, please file PRs or issues in this repo or make a report
using [this typeform survey](https://stellarform.typeform.com/to/suEIZI).

In addition to the docs here, which are guides to building on Stellar, you'll
also see a link at the bottom of the left nav to the API Reference. You should
check those out, too: that's a resource most developers consult as they build on
Stellar.

A rundown of what's here:

## [Tutorials](./tutorials/create-account.mdx)

If you’re new to Stellar and want to get an overview of the network, this is
where to start. The early tutorials will show you how to do some basic things
like create an account and make payments. The later tutorials cover more
advanced topics like Stellar smart contracts. If you want to issue an asset or
build an app, you're better served checking the sections dedicated to those
paths.

## [Issue Assets](./issuing-assets/index.mdx)

Stellar is a multi-currency network by design. The ability to issue assets is
fundamental to Stellar, and it's something you can do quickly, safely, and in a
few lines of code. Once you've issued an asset, you can also publish canonical
information about it for wallets and consumers, control access to it by setting
simple flags, and make it available for trade on the Stellar decentralized
exchange. This section will show you how.

## [Enable Deposit and Withdrawal](./enabling-deposit-and-withdrawal/index.mdx)

Many Stellar assets represent real-world currencies such as dollars, euros, or
naira. Companies that accept deposits and honor withdrawals of those currencies
— **anchors** in Stellar terminology — set up standard infrastructure connecting
Stellar to banking rails so Stellar interfaces can initiate transactions on
behalf of users. If you want to set up an on/off ramp that interoperates with
Stellar wallets, this section is for you.

## [Build Apps](./building-apps/index.mdx)

Stellar is a self-serve distributed ledger that you can use as a backend to
power all kinds of apps and services. Any app built on Stellar relies on the
same basic functions: key storage, account creation, transaction signing, and
queries to the Stellar database. This section of the docs will walk you through
the process of building a basic wallet that does all those things, and will show
you how to add features to it like the support for in-app deposits and
withdrawals from anchors.

## [Run a Core Node](./run-core-node/index.mdx)

This section explains the technical and operational aspects of installing,
configuring, and maintaining a Stellar Core node, which is a server that
connects to the Stellar peer-to-peer network to keep a common distributed
ledger. You don’t have to run a node to get started on Stellar, but you will
likely want to if you're in production, need high-availability access network,
or want to help increase network health and decentralization.

## [Run an API Server](./run-api-server/index.mdx)

Most developers access the network using Horizon, the Stellar API. It takes the
performance-oriented data structures from Stellar Core and converts them into a
friendlier format. If you're running your own Stellar Core node and using it to
submit transactions or get network data, you will likely also want to run your
own Horizon instance, and this section will show you how. If you're just looking
to use Horizon (vs. setting up a Horizon server), consult the API Reference.

## [Software and SDKs](./software-and-sdks/index.mdx)

This is where you'll find all the Stellar SDKs. There are a lot of them, and
they're all pretty well maintained and documented, so you should be able to
build on Stellar in your language of choice. This section is also home to some
tools and reference implementations created and maintained by the Stellar
Development Foundation to kickstart development.

## [Glossary](./glossary/accounts.mdx)

This section defines all the terms and explains all the concepts germane to
Stellar. Use it to look up a word, or to dig deeper into nitty-gritty details.
