---
title: Moar JS SDK
---

## Overview

Horizon is the client-facing API server for the Stellar ecosystem. It acts as
the interface between Stellar Core and applications that want to access the
Stellar network. Horizon allows you to submit transactions to the network, check
the status of accounts, and subscribe to event streams. For more details, see an
overview of the Stellar network.

You can interact directly with Horizon via cURL or a web browser. Stellar.org
also provides a JavaScript SDK for clients to use to interact with Horizon.

## Response Format

In the event that an error occurs while processing a request to horizon, an
error response will be returned to the client. This error response will contain
information detailing why the request couldn’t complete successfully.

Like HAL for successful responses, horizon uses a standard to specify how we
communicate errors to the client. Specifically, horizon uses the Problem Details
for HTTP APIs draft specification. The specification is short, so we recommend
you read it. In summary, when an error occurs on the server we respond with a
json document with the following attributes:

## Errors

Rather than using a fully custom way of representing the resources we expose in
Horizon, we use HAL. HAL is a hypermedia format in JSON that remains simple
while giving us a couple of benefits such as simpler client integration for
several languages. See this wiki page for a list of libraries.

### rate_limit_exceeded

At its simplest, a HAL response is just a JSON object with a couple of reserved
property names: \_links is used for expressing links and \_embedded is used for
bundling other HAL objects with the response. Other than links and embedded
objects, HAL is just JSON.

### transaction_failed

At its simplest, a HAL response is just a JSON object with a couple of reserved
property names: \_links is used for expressing links and \_embedded is used for
bundling other HAL objects with the response. Other than links and embedded
objects, HAL is just JSON.

### transaction_malformed

At its simplest, a HAL response is just a JSON object with a couple of reserved
property names: \_links is used for expressing links and \_embedded is used for
bundling other HAL objects with the response. Other than links and embedded
objects, HAL is just JSON.

### before_history

HAL is a hypermedia format, like HTML, in that it has a mechanism to express
links between documents. Let’s look at a simple example:

The above response is for the genesis ledger of the Stellar test network, and
the links in the \_links attribute provide links to other relavant resources in
Horizon. Notice the object beneath the transactions key. The key of each link
specifies that links relation to the current resource, and in this case
transactions means “Transactions that occurred in this ledger”. Logically, you
should expect that resource to respond with a collection of transactions with
all of the results having a ledger_sequence attribute equal to 1.

### stale_history

HAL is a hypermedia format, like HTML, in that it has a mechanism to express
links between documents. Let’s look at a simple example:

The above response is for the genesis ledger of the Stellar test network, and
the links in the \_links attribute provide links to other relavant resources in
Horizon. Notice the object beneath the transactions key. The key of each link
specifies that links relation to the current resource, and in this case
transactions means “Transactions that occurred in this ledger”. Logically, you
should expect that resource to respond with a collection of transactions with
all of the results having a ledger_sequence attribute equal to 1.

### timeout

The transactions link is also templated, which means that the href attribute of
the link is actually a URI template, as specified by RFC 6570. We use URI
templates to show you what parameters a given resource can take. You must
evaluate the template to a valid URI before navigating to it.

## Paging

Certain endpoints in Horizon can be called in streaming mode using Server-Sent
Events. This mode will keep the connection to Horizon open and Horizon will
continue to return responses as ledgers close. All parameters for the endpoints
that allow this mode are the same. The way a caller initiates this mode is by
setting Accept: text/event-stream in the HTTP header when you make the request.
You can read an example of using the streaming mode in the Follow Received
Payments tutorial.

## Rate Limiting

Certain endpoints in Horizon can be called in streaming mode using Server-Sent
Events. This mode will keep the connection to Horizon open and Horizon will
continue to return responses as ledgers close. All parameters for the endpoints
that allow this mode are the same. The way a caller initiates this mode is by
setting Accept: text/event-stream in the HTTP header when you make the request.
You can read an example of using the streaming mode in the Follow Received
Payments tutorial.

## Streaming

Certain endpoints in Horizon can be called in streaming mode using Server-Sent
Events. This mode will keep the connection to Horizon open and Horizon will
continue to return responses as ledgers close. All parameters for the endpoints
that allow this mode are the same. The way a caller initiates this mode is by
setting Accept: text/event-stream in the HTTP header when you make the request.
You can read an example of using the streaming mode in the Follow Received
Payments tutorial.

## XDR

XDR, also known as External Data Representation, is used extensively in the
Stellar Network, especially in the core protocol. The ledger, transactions,
results, history, and even the messages passed between computers running
stellar-core are encoded using XDR.

XDR is specified in RFC 4506.

## Fee Stats

Certain endpoints in Horizon can be called in streaming mode using Server-Sent
Events. This mode will keep the connection to Horizon open and Horizon will
continue to return responses as ledgers close. All parameters for the endpoints
that allow this mode are the same. The way a caller initiates this mode is by
setting Accept: text/event-stream in the HTTP header when you make the request.
You can read an example of using the streaming mode in the Follow Received
Payments tutorial.

## Metrics

Since XDR is a binary format and not known as widely as JSON for example, we try
to hide most of it from Horizon. Instead, we opt to interpret the XDR for you
and present the values as JSON attributes. That said, we also expose the XDR to
you so you can get access to the raw, canonical data.

In general, Horizon will encode the XDR structures in base64 so that they can be
transmitted within a json body. You should decode the base64 string into a byte
stream, then decode the XDR into an in-memory data structure.

## Trade Aggregation

Data structures in XDR are specified in an interface definition file (IDL). The
IDL files used for the Stellar Network are available on GitHub.
